Update issue templates (#2636)
WikiEducationFoundation/WikiEduDashboard: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

> > Thanks for suggesting a feature! Please delete any line that begins with a '>' (including this one) and replace with your own content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Thanks for reporting a problem! Please delete any line that begins with a '>' (including this one) and replace with your own content.
```
